welcome back to film on today i'm going
to explain the movie called wild things
from 1998. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy the video
at the beginning of the movie we see a
guy his name was sam and he was a
guidance counselor two girls blamed him
for two rape cases and this movie is
about the investigation of these two
rape cases
there are so many mysteries behind it
the movie begins with a school in this
school sam was the guidance counselor
and he's the main character of this
movie
rey and his partner came to school to
talk about sex-related crimes with sam
sam started talking about sex-related
crimes but then a student named susie
stood up and cursed him and left
when sam asked rey about it then he
found out that rey caught her while
doing drugs
therefore she had to go to jail for six
months
and that's why susie was mad at him
after that we saw that sam was sailing
his boat and he took one of his students
as his assistant in his job
one day they came back from sailing and
a girl named kelly came to sam
kelly was another student of sam's and
the other main character of this movie
kelly asked him if she could wash his
car this weekend
sam didn't need her to wash his car but
still he said yes
kelly flirted with him and asked him for
a ride
when sam dropped her at her home then
kelly's mom came outside
from their conversation we found out
that kelly's mom and sam have already
had sex
she was asking him to go inside but sam
immediately left on the weekend kelly
came to sam's house with some of her
friends sam was with his girlfriend
after completing the car wash kelly
asked sam that you had promised us that
you will give us coupons
sam said i need to find the coupons
when sam went inside to look for the
coupons kelly told her friend to go
because she was about to seduce him
kelly went inside and the scene ended
here in the next stage she came out of
the house and she was looking so
disturbed
the next day kelly didn't go to school
and her mom was apprehensive about it
she called sam and sam said i didn't
know anything about it
kelly's mom told him to visit her
because she wanted to have sex with him
but sam wanted a stable relationship
kelly's mom said you won't find anything
like a long-lasting relationship in this
town
none of the girls will take you
seriously
suddenly kelly's mom saw that kelly was
in the backyard and she had a gun in her
hand
kelly looked so angry
her mom came to her and asked what
happened
kelly started to cry and said i missed
dad so much
kelly's mom was trying to convince her
but then kelly said sam had raped her
her mom became so mad and immediately
took her to the police station ray and
his partner were also there
they told everyone to go outside and
they took a video testimony of kelly
kelly said sam raped me and said no
young girls could ever satisfy me
they were analyzing the tape after kelly
left
rey's partner thinks that kelly is lying
the prosecutor was also there and he
said sam's reputation is not good in
this town and that's why he thinks sam
did it
they started the investigation
when sam came to school he found out
about the case
his friend told him everything
kelly's mom was so powerful and they
won't be able to do anything to her
sam was so worried about it
after that sam went to a good lawyer his
name was kenneth kenneth asked sam if he
did it or not
sam said no i did nothing
kenneth told him not to worry at all
after sam went to a hotel to meet his
girlfriend
but his girlfriend's father was also
with her and he threatened sam to not
show up in front of his daughter or else
he will kill him
one night when sam was going home a man
crashed his car and sam's car fell into
the lake
the men came to sam and beat the hell
out of him
sam also beat them and ran away from
there
we noticed that the man was the friend
of kelly's mom
sam was so scared and he called kenneth
but kenneth told him that kelly's mom is
too powerful and we can't do anything
sam took a loan from the bank for his
house but kelly's mom was the director
and board member of the bank and now
they will take his place from him as
well
kenneth said you are clean
when kelly's dad died kelly was caught
while taking drugs and you are the only
evidence against her you are a clean
guidance officer
judy will acknowledge this and they will
just let you go
after that we saw susie had called the
police
she was angry with rey but she had
something important to talk about
they went on a walk and susie said to
them that sam had raped her as well
rey and his partner were so surprised by
this
they asked her about the details but
susie seemed a bit disturbed
susie said that sam once told me no
young girl could ever satisfy me and
kelly also said this
and this confirmed that sam was guilty
the police arrested him and it was the
day of the trial
kelly told everything in front of the
court that happened to her
after that kenneth asked a question to
susie
susie also said that sam raped her
suzy said that sam would always help her
if she ever got into any trouble he was
a good friend of hers
when susie went to jail because of drugs
then sam cut off all the contacts with
her
kenneth asked her that you called sam to
get you out of trouble when you got
raped and after one month of rape
if he raped you then why are you asking
him to help you
susie had no answer to this question
kenneth pressured her to tell the truth
she got disturbed and told everything
suzy said that sam did nothing
he didn't even rape kelly
kelly and susie made this plan to punish
sam
kelly wanted to have sex with sam but
sam rejected her
therefore she became mad at him and sam
cut off all contact with susie after she
came back from jail
and she was hurt about it that's why she
was helping kelly with this plan
but at last she told the truth
kenneth was so happy and relieved and he
said that whatever happened to you was
so wrong
you could get so much money from this
kelly's mom also had no other options
left she had settled with sam
after this incident all the people
started to hate sam in his school
and that's why he didn't want to
continue his job
when he went to school to get his stuff
kelly was so mad at him
she told him that the money you got was
for me my father left it for me
and now kelly hates him
after that sam came to the hotel but
kelly was already in his room
kelly and sam made this plan to get the
money
kelly knew that her mother had so much
money but she wouldn't get any until she
turned 18.
so she planned this with sam
after that susie also came there all of
them made this plan together
sam warned them that we shouldn't be
seen together we need to maintain
distance for some time
tonight they had sex with each other
rey had a doubt that something was wrong
with this movie
he checked sam's account and saw that he
divided that money in three parts and
sent them to two individual accounts
rey figured it out that kelly suzy and
sam made this plan and he's so sure
about it in the next scene rey went to
kelly and said that dividing some money
into three parts is not so cool and he
also told her that sam and susie were in
love and they will kill you
actually rey wanted to divide these
three people that's why he went to susie
at night he told her that sam had bought
a boat and bought a property as well and
he's not going to share anything with
you
he's in love with kelly
susie became so disturbed and went
straight to kelly
kelly called sam to calm her down sam
told her that everything will be fine
the police are just trying to create
pressure between us
we will let everything happen as usual
rey heard their conversation with a
device
susie was still not convinced even
though sam called her and tried to
convince her
she told susie that she is also
characterless like her mom
they became angry with each other and
started fighting
but while fighting they started to have
sex with each other
rey recorded all of this and he told his
boss about it
he has already called sam for asking him
some questions
his boss told him not to do anything
since he was in their house without
their permission which is illegal
we could get in much trouble for this we
don't have any strong evidence against
sam so we can't do anything to him
but rey was stubborn about this
one night kelly took susie to a beach
sam was also there
both of them gave her so much alcohol
that susie was so drunk
and after that sam killed her
they wrapped the body and hid it
somewhere
after one or two days susie's
grandmother reported that susie was
missing
rey asked questions to the neighbors as
well
susie used to come to the beach with her
boyfriend
ray checked the beach and finally he
found susie's blood in a boat
his boss asked if he was sure that this
was susie's blood or else he would be in
big trouble
rey's partner always thought that sam
did nothing and he was innocent
but still she was keeping an eye on him
tonight
sam noticed her and talked to her
he told her that susie was already in so
much disturbance
she had already threatened two men about
killing them
sam had the evidence for this
and gloria believed him
gloria told rey that susie was involved
in something else
sam has nothing to do with her death
rey was after kelly and when he saw that
kelly was alone he entered her house to
talk to her
we couldn't see what happened inside the
room we heard some gunshots and then saw
that rey was injured on the floor and
kelly was dead
rey's boss asked him about what happened
rey said when i went to her house she
attacked me and i had to kill her for my
own protection
some years ago rey had killed another
girl and he said this that time as well
the inquiry committee noticed it and
they had a doubt that rey was lying they
fired him from his job
kelly attacked rey and rey had the video
footage of kelly and rey having sex
so everyone thought that kelly had
killed susie
since kelly was dead the case got
dismissed
sam was having fun on the beach when he
came back to his house ray was also
there and we found out that rey and sam
were the ones who made this plan
but only one thing was not involved in
this plan that rey would kill kelly
but rey said i saw an opportunity and i
took it
sam didn't like it at all
ray asked him about his portion of the
money
sam told him that it would be two days
to transfer the money and you should
spend these two days with me on my boat
rey had a doubt but still he went with
him
while they were sailing sam asked rey to
tighten a rope
when rey was doing this sam took a hard
turn and rey fell down
sam thought that ray fell down on the
water but no he was still on the boat
they had a great fight with each other
but then someone killed rey with an
arrow
susie was still alive and it was her who
killed rey with an arrow
sam just pretended to kill susie
then they threw his body into the sea
gloria was so suspicious about this
whole case and that's why she went to
susie's grandmother
she asked her about rey
her grandmother said that rey had a very
bad character
once he had a girlfriend and he used to
beat her so badly
another guy liked his girlfriend
when she tried to convince rey rey
killed her and said that he had to kill
her for self-defense
susie saw rey while he killed his
girlfriend
that's why he put her in jail with a
fake case of drugs so that she won't
tell anything to anyone
and we found out the reason behind
susie's hate towards rey sam and susie
had so much money they had a drink to
celebrate
sam had a doubt about susie as well that
she would put poison in his drink to
kill him
susie said i don't know how to sail a
boat then how can i kill you sam drank
the drink and it really had poison
inside it
before sam died susie told him that
you've cheated on so many girls
and we will find the meaning of this
from gloria and susie's grandmother's
conversation
suzy's grandmother told gloria that
susie was not her actual granddaughter
susie's mom worked on the shore and sam
used to come to the shore for his
vacation
susie's mom and sam had a relationship
with each other and when the summer
vacation ended
sam cheated on her and left
susie's mom was pregnant and she died
some years later after susie was born
that's why susie always wanted to take
revenge on sam
gloria noticed that susie's uncle had
such a nice car
he was taking susie's boat to the city
in his car
gloria said that i didn't know that
susie could sail as well
this means susie will be able to sell
sam's boat as well she won't be stuck in
the sea
susie's uncle said that susie was so
smart her iq was more than 200 she was
able to do anything
we found out about how susie actually
planned everything
one day kelly was in the bar with sam
both of them took drugs and then they
had sex
susie took photos of them having sex
then suzy blackmailed sam to help her
with his plan
susie already knew that rey was not an
honest police officer
susie told sam to take him in their plan
and sam did it
rey was such a cruel man when he went to
meet kelly kelly didn't attack him he
killed her without any reason
and in the final scene of this movie we
saw kenneth and susie were together
kenneth was always a part of susie's
plan
suzy got all the money she wanted and
she's dead in everyone's eyes
and now she can start her life once
again from the very beginning
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks